<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>Introduction</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/styles.css" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <p>&#160;</p>

    <div id="introduction">
      <div class="introduction-container">
<h2>Introduction</h2>
        <p>
          It was late afternoon when the fisherman arrived at "La Sirena", one
          of his favourite taverns along the Italian Riviera. He gently opened the
          white wooden door with his big hand and immediately felt relieved.
          Finally, after a long day at sea, he could rest.
        </p>
        <p>
          As he opened the door, a familiar sight greeted him. "La Sirena" was a
          warm and welcoming place. Large enough to fit ten long tables and
          small enough to create a cosy atmosphere. The main hall was divided
          into two parts by four wooden pillars equally distant from each other,
          in the centre of the space. The pillars supported large beams
          decorated with crustaceans, small nets and oars of different colours.
          At the end of the hall, the counter well lit by the light from the
          kitchen.
        </p>
        <p>
          However, the dining room was dominated by a large figurehead placed in
          the centre of the wall on the left. This was "La Sirena", a young
          woman with long, loose blonde hair, stretching her arms downwards and
          flaunting her beauty and youthfulness by projecting her full breasts
          towards the sea and the world as if she wanted to embrace everyone and
          everything.
        </p>
        <p>
          The owner of the restaurant, as usual, was behind the counter
          polishing the glasses and was moving his head like the beacon of a
          lighthouse to look towards the kitchen in the rear and the dining
          hall in front of him. As his eyes reached the French man, he greeted him with a nod and then his head slowly moved back towards the kitchen.
        </p>

        <p>
          The fisherman's eyes adjusted to the darkness of the tavern and
          so he looked for a free table. To the right, men were playing card
          games and making noise. To the left, at the far end near the window
          next to "La Sirena", he spotted a table at which a man sat.
        </p>
        <p>
          He recognised the man. He was an Italian fisherman. They crossed paths
          many times, once at the shores of Genoa, once at the fish market in
          Marseille. The mutual respect that existed between the two was due to
          the many years they had lived side by side in the Mediterranean Sea,
          each on his own boat, and the many affairs of the Italian Riviera that
          united them.
        </p>
        <p>
          The two fishermen, however, did not speak to each other because one
          did not know the other's language. The fisherman was from Marseille and
          regularly travelled to Genoa. The Italian fisherman was from Genoa
          and did the same but in the opposite direction. When the French
          fisherman reached the table, his Italian counterpart was thrilled to see him, but
          his eyes were too tired to reveal the surprise and so he greeted him
          with a nod.
        </p>
        <p>
          The host came to the table and greeted the French
          fisherman again by saying "<i>mon ami</i>" and showing him the meals on the
          menu card. Finally, the fisherman had a good reason to move his limbs, or at
          least his right arm. But he knew what he wanted to eat and just
          answered by saying: <i>"buridda"</i>. And so the host did his typical
          movement with the head and walked away as he came.
        </p>
        <p>The Italian fisherman looked pensive and worried. He did not utter a word and, just like the French fisherman, was too fatigued from hard work to move his limbs. When the host came back to serve the meal, the Italian man said
          something to him in Italian. A short time later he returned with a
          pack of cards. Immediately, the Italian fisherman started to shuffle the cards
          and put some on the table. The French fisherman lifted quickly his
          eyes from his plate and saw the line of cards. He was slightly peeved because he did not feel
          like playing cards. The annoyance was quickly replaced by bewilderment
          because the cards were tarot cards.
        </p>
        <p>The Italian friend pointed with his finger towards him as if to ask a question. Then he pointed at the cards as if to show him something. In fact, the cards were placed one under the other and seemed to form a sentence, but with pictures. Slowly it dawned on the Frenchman that his table companion was trying to tell him something. </p>
      </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>